Vendorize Development section (#3466)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/platform/src/development/ssh/troubleshoot-ssh.md

{{% troubleshoot %}}

> If you're still stuck, [submit a support ticket and provide the full SSH debug information](https://console.platform.sh/-/users/:user/tickets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're still stuck, [submit a support ticket and provide the full SSH debug information](https://console.{{% vendor/urlraw "host" %}}/-/users/:user/tickets).
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure this substitution will work, but we can always alternate a `version/specific` if not
